# Game-Programming-Golang-Projects
A variety of projects and assignments I completed / created during my Game Programming class in Fall of 2024 at UTSA. Included in this repository are "Micro Assignments", "Weekly Projects", and the raylib files I used to run each game / program. I cannot promise that you will be able to make everything run on your machine if you decide to try that out, nor can I offer any help on getting each game / program set up, as I don't quite remember how to do so.

Essentially, every game / program was programmed and created using "Go" in conjuction with the "raylib" graphics library. If I remember correctly, my professor's reasoning for using Go over a language like C++ was that Go offered easier to understand syntax, was a fast and efficient language, was a relatively easy language to learn compared to others, and was something very few, if any, other classes taught at UTSA, meaning it would be a nice skill to have in context of making us stand out to potential employers in the future. I have to say: I'm glad he chose to teach us Go, as I rather loved working with the language, and would love the opportunity to work with it again in the future. Unfortunately, there aren't as many positions looking for Golang experience, so I haven't prioritized working with language in my spare time. Despite that, I still love the language.

Now for a disclaimer: If you are a student, especially one from UTSA, and you think some of my code could help you out, know that I hold no responsibility for consequences whatever may arise from your usage of my code. Follow your professor's instructions, don't blindly copy code from the internet, and if you are allowed to pull code from the internet, then make sure that I am credited. Be responsible, is what I am saying.
